don't ignore this information there are
three things that quite frankly the
economists the markets and the
government are all ignoring
intentionally keeping their heads in the
sand so that they don't realize what we
are facing this is incredible and it's
right in front of our very eyes I'm
going to give you these three pieces of
information but also show you how to get
that on your own so you could keep track
of it all of this in today's video let's
begin you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you starting with
number three you can see the yield curve
inversion and what does that all mean
the bond market is signaling a imminent
recession and you can look at it on
different forms but this is what we can
see with the yield curve inversion and
that is of course the longer dated debt
is not giving the returns of the shorter
you right now you can go out there get a
one month get a three month amount
imagine a very very short-term debt
product from treasury direct go there as
an American you can go there treasury
deck get over five percent return on
something as short as like a one month
three month five or six month and that
is something that you don't get very
often so now we are seeing that today
yield curve inversion is the one big
indicator that should be Flash and red
all over the place that is of course
tied in with the Federal Reserve
interest rate hike seeing a lock for
July this is what the markets believe
now is going to happen even though they
said there would actually be Cuts in
July so that is starting to flip so
these things are together and of course
that's the reason why we are seeing the
yield curve inversion it started to turn
the other way it came back to inversion
and remember it's when it comes back up
that's when there is a problem so we got
that we got the yield curve inversion
the bond market signaling that a run of
strong economic data has rekindled the
bond route that rattled markets and the
banking system for much of the last 18
months so this is talking about that if
you want to see it for yourself directly
out of the Wall Street Journal they get
into more depth about it what's
happening with the labor market what's
going on of course and what they believe
is happening you got to include the fact
that raising interest rates did have a
dramatic effect on the banking system
including svb but also much bigger than
that Credit Suisse and this is all
related to the increase in interest
rates going on all over the world right
now at this time
okay so here we go this is what we see
now we have two giant credit ETFs hit by
a two billion dollar exit on hawkish fed
bets
hyg and lqd suffer withdrawals okay and
what's happening here well as we'll talk
about in another second here I wanna and
break down the fact that you have an
immediate impact on these different
assets okay so these different
Securities that are available well if
the Federal Reserve is going to continue
to keep interest rates High that's going
to have these Domino effects or knock-on
effects that will be present and you
could see that in real estate you could
look at that in you know all forms the
bond market and so on and so that brings
me over here to number two this is okay
we went to number three that's the bond
market number two is what's happening
with the jobs initially we had the jobs
coming out they said oh wow this is
fantastic I think it was like close to
400 or 500 000 new jobs were added
private payrolls ADP numbers came out
but then the non-farm payrolls showed a
Slowdown a significant slowdown they
still added over 200 000 jobs but they
said that this was lowest growth in
quite a while signaling that the job
market is starting to slow
that's what they're saying that's number
two but in part I need to tell you the
fact that employers have announced 458
000 job Cuts so far in 2023 so imagine
we're about halfway through right now
are we gonna get to a million job cuts
by the end of the year that's
unbelievable I mean of course they hire
at the same time it's not all cuts and
then you have temporary workers you have
people with two and three jobs there's a
lot of things that are being skewed here
but of course we've got to acknowledge
the fact that a lot of these companies
are cutting jobs
you got the millions of empty jobs at
the same time this is probably as far as
I'm seeing in in all my history reading
this I've never seen anything like it
okay it's it's unusual you have an
increase in interest rates at the same
time as like the most speculation we
have looked at in the markets in a very
long time
and that connects me to number one
the number one thing the most important
thing that you should be pay paying
attention to right now and before we get
into it hit that like button I need you
here on this channel and I want to show
that to you right here and now
Powell hunted by repo crisis as fed aims
to cut the balance sheet Powell told
Congress that he aims to avert a QT
issue seen last time remember the
quantitative tightening in 2019 it
caused the shortfall of reserves so that
was a huge repo crisis was a huge
problem in 2019 I covered it every
single day in 2019 if you are here on
the Channel I want to thank you for
sticking with me this long and now that
brings me to the money mirror method
money mirror method which I will link to
at the end of this video so stick with
me is all about chasing liquidity so we
can measure that liquidity in different
ways and they do talk about that right
here that this is part of the money
mirror method fed's two key liquid
liquid liabilities Powell prefers the
RRP that's the reverse repos to drop
versus Bank Reserves all right I'll
break that down in a second now you've
got that
um you know reddish pinkish line that is
the Fed reverse repurchase facility
reverse repos the black line is the Bank
Reserves held at the FED all right I
know that's a mouthful I know that's
complicated just give me a second here
so we've got these reverse repos that
act as liquidity and these things were
well over three trillion dollars worth
every single day so imagine that's
trillions of dollars sloshing around in
and out of the banking system and it's
there doing what well just imagine for a
second here you are a bank you have a
choice you can take this cash that you
have here and you can loan it out to an
individual to buy a home you could take
that cash and you could loan it to a
business to expand or you could keep it
at the Federal Reserve
now if they were keeping three trillion
dollars which is extremely high
historically at the Federal Reserve what
does that tell you about the confidence
of the banks in individuals and
businesses probably not very confident
right
well that's what this is telling you
that's what this indicator speaks to
at the same time you've got the Bank
Reserves what they hope what Powells has
said in front of Congress you know most
of that wasn't covered by the news it's
it's a little too complicated it's
really in-depth
um but essentially what he said was the
reverse repos that can decline as long
as the Bank Reserves do not decline
dramatically then we should be okay
because that's what happened in that
previous cycle where the bank reserve
started to go down
and it went down so far the whole thing
started to Tumble and that's why you
know some say that you know it was so
interesting that they needed some
stimulus to happen that's where they
started back in September 17th I believe
it was 2019 they actually started what
became quantitative easing we called it
not QE at that time which was very fun
but that's where we're at so let me show
you something really quickly I want to
give you the breakdown of the money
mirror method now it's really um it's
gonna look messy to you if you haven't
seen this before I think it's important
um just let me show you this I'm going
to switch my screen and now you're
getting the money mirror method okay so
like I said pretty complicated but
there are different lines here and I
want you to focus on a couple
that orange line that's the Bank
Reserves
look how directly and by the way that
pink line is the reverse repo you can
see the reverse repo has come down quite
a bit from its peak okay
um and according to Powell oh that's
okay as long as the Bank Reserves the
Orange Line Stay you know reasonable
they can't go down to where they were
before
but that white line there that is the
stock market that's the s p
and so we have to understand that these
Bank Reserves are extremely critical to
the performance of the S P 500 and the
stock market in general
so I'm watching this very clearly that's
what the money mirror method is all
about
and we don't know what's going to happen
I can't tell you what's going to happen
tomorrow but I can certainly track these
indicators of liquidity and then that's
going to tell all the full story as it
unveils and what I see right now is not
strong at all this is uh looking a
little bearish at least in the short
term now that could change that can flip
and then you know that that's the end of
the story however if it continues in
this direction well then that is not
strong
that and my friends that's what it's all
about okay I hope you understood that I
want to break it down I'm building out a
whole program around that
and everybody in the mentorship gets all
the nitty-gritty details about that uh
just as being part of it
but
for now you understand the basics of
that and why this is important so that's
three two one you got it all and I'm
gonna tie this all in together and at
the end I'm gonna show you the money
mirror method the video that I made
about it so I want to cover a couple
points we are still going through the
most aggressive monetary tightening
cycle since the early 1980s and I think
we're only really going to see the full
impact of the tightening cycle over the
next 12 to 18 months it's important that
we address this and realize that this
isn't over this is continuing so we got
to watch how it all
um you know really starts to roll out
well that's one of the things that one
of my uh one of my members of the
mentorship was talking about today Trent
if you're listening
he was saying that I think you know the
if these interest rates stay elevated
for a period then of course that means
we're going to experience more issues so
it can withstand this part of the crisis
because it's still relatively short term
it's been just over a year where they
start tightening and I do agree with
this and so we'll see we'll see how long
can they keep it up before they start
cutting interest rates historically they
don't like once they get to that last
interest rate hike it doesn't stay there
very long before they're cutting
interest rates this time around we'll
see we will see
okay you've got These Warnings that will
come out all the time this is Larry
Summers warning on inflation complacency
sees more Bond declines you've got uh
you know Leon cooperman who's saying you
know Nvidia is just getting out of the
out of the question out of whack and we
do see these things okay we have to
acknowledge that there's no question
things are getting quite silly in many
cases
but there's other aspects that are
starting to normalize Rolex and Patek
Philippe prices fall as the subdial
index nears a two-year low this is
something I've been covering often and
why because it shows us what's happening
in these secondary markets where by the
way this is the you have to understand
this if I go to Rolex by the way can't
you can't even buy a Rolex but if you go
to the actual Rolex store their prices
have not have not changed maybe they
just increase on a year-over-year basis
but this is on the secondary market so
people will go off there they'll use
their Watch dealers their Jewelers and
they'll sell um their different uh
watches that they have on the secondary
Market
that secondary Market has come back down
to reality why because the froth is
coming up people are saying you know
what I made some money on that watch I'm
gonna go and sell that thing and so
that's what's happening here you can see
that people need that liquidity you got
me liquidity is everything I'm going to
change this to the liquidity GPS let me
tell you okay and one of the strategies
that people talk about using the barbell
strategy to combat inflation deflation
this is gym records and basically what
he's saying uh you could have gold
natural resources and energy stocks as
inflation Hedges with treasury notes as
deflation Hedges and a healthy
allocation to cash between the two ends
of the barbell to provide liquidity and
optionality as conditions become more
clear that's his strategy that's what
he's suggesting you've got to do your
own homework and realize what is it not
at all depends on your personal
circumstances that's who we're talking
about as I record this
um that's what we were just talking
about today a actually in the mentorship
basically you have to decide where you
are now where you want to be and that is
going to determine what you should be
investing in not what you see with the
other YouTubers out there not what
you're being told by Gym records or
anybody else it's what do I need to
achieve that might be having
diversification of your income sources
that might be wealth preservation
holding real assets other things okay so
that's I just want to bring you one of
those perspectives okay you're getting
the sort of the predictions from some of
these big guys and then you're also
getting what they suggest that's that
for you because I'm trying to bring you
this next level detail which is quite
frankly not covered by many people
including right here what you see with
the money mirror method nobody's ever
got into the depths like this before and
I am getting into the next levels of it
myself so when uh it fully releases
you know I can always bring more details
and data to you this is it just watch
this video and you'll get a much better
understanding of what's happening with
liquidity check it out click this and
I'll see you there